Is it Is it me or something?
>> Stop.
>> Just like Santa.
>> Just like
>> I have no recollection. This is
humiliating.
>> Hi Vogue. It's Kim,
>> Tiana,
>> Naomi.
>> Just some of the cast of All's Fair and
we're going to play a game of off the
cuff.
>> Oo. Shelly. Round one.
>> Ice breakers. What's your favorite word?
>> My favorite word is hydration.
>> Really?
experience.
>> I dream.
>> I think mine must be beauty.
>> Shut up.
>> You know, everywhere I turn
my favorite word is love.
>> I love love. I love love so much.
>> That's a good one.
>> What's a sound you love?
>> Think like meditation sounds like water
on a tin roof. I love things.
>> Yeah.
>> All right. What's your least favorite
word?
>> Hate. If you went with love, we'll do
the opposite of hate.
>> I love hate.
>> Yeah. Moist.
>> Yeah. That's
>> It just sounds rude.
>> So it sounds rude to say that cake is
moist.
>> Yeah. Well,
>> you you know what's crazy now as you say
it's like moist.
>> It's hydrated.
[Laughter]
>> Yeah. It just sounds pornographic.
>> Okay. Round two. Getting personal.
>> Ooh.
>> What's something you have to have with
you wherever you go?
>> My phone case. My phone case is a
wallet. Phone case. Hold some credit
cards, your wallet, and pictures of my
babies. A little bit of everything. I
don't like carrying purses. Your screen
saver right now. Right now.
>> I have the coolest screen saver. So, I
have, if you have an iPhone, you can tap
it 50 times and upload 50 pictures. So,
my kids I'll show you guys. Each kid
gets a
>> a little moment.
>> And so, they come up to my phone and
they tap it so to make themselves the
screen. Seems like I only have my boys.
I have to get to one girl. There we go.
They come up to my phone. No one gets
left out. What's your guilty pleasure?
>> Mine's just watching Love Island. They
could never make enough seasons of that.
>> I love
>> I've watched every country and I've
watched it through every subtitle.
>> Really?
>> Yes. Cuz I just love it so much.
>> No, this pass on was actually my first
time ever seeing it. But the moment I
put it on, it was just me and my mumu
and Love Island. Yes.
>> Imagine you in a mumu.
>> I can't either. I'm in my mu just made
these two and I I'm going to bring them
tomorrow cuz I'm like I want
>> That's like a mumu right now.
>> Super cool though.
>> I'm in my mu.
>> Yeah, for real. Moo with no draws.
>> It's too free under there.
>> Moo with no drawers. I love it. Free
under there,
>> you know. And then when you walk, you
go.
>> Okay. I I have a a question. If you
could go back in time and relive a
moment of your life, what would that be?
>> Oh, mine's easy. Just any time with my
dad. Like a childhood, I'd say.
>> Yeah.
>> 7 years old was the golden years when my
mom and dad were together.
>> Time just keep going and we're all
getting older. I think going back to the
times where like my babies were like
small enough for me to just hold them
and love on them like when they could
not like all right mom okay mom you know
almost like when they couldn't talk
>> and I'm sure when they like oh my god
this lady always kissing me she's just
all up on me but just like
>> that stage where you could just like
>> get squishy and
>> for me I'm going to say echo what Kim
said because I lost my dad young and I
have really no memories face.
>> It just feels sad.
>> How old were you?
>> Seven.
>> Oh, wow. And I said seven randomly.
>> Yeah.
>> Maybe I would wish like old enough to
have a great conversation.
>> Yeah.
>> Yeah. If you were a lawyer, what type of
law would you practice?
>> Maybe I'd be like an entertainment
lawyer.
>> Hey. Hey.
>> Oh, yeah. I've I love my entertainment
lawyer. I mean, maybe civil liberties or
defense attorney.
>> I like that, too, cuz I'm like a great
debater.
>> You know what I'm saying? Stop.
>> I don't know. Trial court. Yeah.
>> Where were you?
>> Yeah.
>> Judge, he's lying.
>> Okay. Round three. What are some
surprising things you did to prepare for
your role?
>> I mean, this was like
>> You're just a legend. You don't need
>> No, no. I I take preparation very
seriously. I
>> being amazing.
>> But in this case, it was just like, you
know, other than learning the lawyer
speak, which don't ask me now because
I've forgotten everything. We rely on
you, Kim. I think mine was like
preparing myself to shut up, you know,
like I I usually get like these loud
complex characters, you know, and Milan
is a lot more like shy and
>> right,
>> but it's weird because like in real life
I get very very shy. So I was able to
pull from like some of my real life
experiences to kind of be like, oh, I
kind of get to show this side and show
my range. So it was it was fun preparing
for Milan. What's the spiciest message
you received or sent in the All's fair
group text chat
>> yesterday?
>> There's a lot of vagina talk, ladies.
>> A lot of vagina talk. And Ryan is like a
dear.
>> He's got a front row seat in that chat.
>> Yes. Round four, fashion questions.
>> Oo.
>> What's a garment from the show you wish
you could have taken home?
>> Everything.
>> Yeah. I I'm I had a lot of suits I
wanted to hold on to, but I'm I'm I've
got such a shoe thing.
>> My favorite was that threepiece suit,
the cream with the vest cream.
>> Love that. And you and Rick Owens.
>> Yes, you love you some Rick. Love me
some Rick.
>> I
kept everything.
>> It's It's a lot of it was mostly from my
wardrobe.
>> Well, that was my next question, which
is how much input did you have in your
character's costume? And you just
>> I This is like Well, I was going to say
this is the first time. This is my first
show. So, this is Yeah.
>> But I I it was really important to me
and to Ryan mostly. He wanted me to like
just be a very certain specific way from
the hair of like having shorter hair to
the wardrobe. So, pulling it from my
closet was really fun and crazy. What's
a red carpet look you wore that was
polarizing but that you will defend
until the
>> Oh, okay. Here I've got an answer for
this one. Um, it was to the friend
premiere, a film I did with Bill Murray
and a dog, a gigantic Great Dane, and I
wore this outfit that matched the dog.
And I was definitely like debating this
with my stylist, and she was like, "Go
on, it's so cool." It's it was by
jackamus and it was black and white and
also like your Americans had um on the
the spots hair dripping off it which
looked like you know
>> the dog
>> pubic hair. Um
>> I was like no I cannot wear this is it's
too gimmicky it's too ridiculous and she
was like please I'm telling you it's
amazing
>> and you went I ended up doing it and it
was it did make for a really great
picture. I have to Google this. When I
went to the Met in this Balenciaga
cotton black look from head to toe with
a mask, it was at the time it was like
you're wearing a mask on the carpet and
it was a thing,
>> right?
>> But it was fun.
>> Okay. What's this from?
>> Is that Santa?
>> It's definitely Santa.
>> That's Santa.
>> Is it Is it me or something?
>> Yes.
>> Stop.
>> Oh my god.
>> Just like Santa.
>> Just like
>> I have no recollection. This is human.
Okay. This
>> I said Beyonce.
>> I think that is actually me.
>> Yeah.
>> In my Google me video. Yeah.
>> Mhm. That's correct. I think this is
you.
>> Yeah.
I know that length. That hair length.
It's my girl.
>> Oh yeah. You've got a little peak.
>> And I noticed even with your shirt, you
>> think that's a Chanel top. I think
that's a Chanel fab.
>> And my daughter is now wearing that. She
steals.
>> Look at my girl.
>> There she go.
>> Legally blonde or Aaron Brochovich?
>> Aaron Brochovich
>> for me. You're
>> No, I'm so torn. I'm so That's a tough
one.
>> It is a tough one.
>> I just met with Aaron Brochovich and I
was like, star. She's impressive.
>> Um, but Legally Blonde is at my in my
soul.
>> Yeah, we'll say both of them.
>> Yeah, both.
>> What's a girl's best friend?
>> Her lawyers,
>> of course. Ding ding ding ding ding.
Sneakers or stiletto?
>> Stiletto.
>> Sneakers.
>> Oh, wait. As as my age and my back.
Sneakers. Day or night?
>> Day?
>> Day for sure.
>> I was going to say night. Okay. Fill in
the blank. I'll have your back even if
you stole my look. I was going to say
you murder someone.
>> Oh my god.
>> What? I would.
>> What kind of friends?
>> Thanks, Vogue. Thanks for having us.